Add how to troubleshoot skipped but required checks (#9126)
github/docs: content/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/troubleshooting-required-status-checks.md

You can fix this by creating a generic workflow, with the same name, that will return true in any case similar to the workflow below :

```yaml
name: ci
on:
  pull_request:
    paths-ignore:
      - 'scripts/**'
      - 'middleware/**'
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - run: 'echo "No build required" '
```
Now the checks will always pass whenever someone sends a pull request that doesn't change the files listed under `paths` in the first workflow.

![Check skipped but passes due to generic workflow](/assets/images/help/repository/PR-required-check-passed-using-generic.png)

{% note %}

**Notes:** 
* Make sure that the `name` key and required job name in both the workflow files are the same. For more information, see "[Workflow syntax for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions)".
* The example above uses {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} but this workaround is also applicable to other CI/CD providers that integrate with {% data variables.product.company_short %}.

{% endnote %}

> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> {% endnote %}
> =======
> It's also possible for a protected branch to require a status check from a specific {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %}. If you see a message similar to the following, then you should verify that the check listed in the merge box was set by the expected app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endnote %}

It's also possible for a protected branch to require a status check from a specific {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %}. If you see a message similar to the following, then you should verify that the check listed in the merge box was set by the expected app.
```

![Branch with conflicting merge commits](/assets/images/help/repository/req-status-check-conflicting-merge-commits.png)
{% endif %}

## Handling skipped but required checks

It may happen that the status check is skipped on some Pull Requests due to path filtering but it is required. For example you may skip a Node.JS test on a Pull Request which fixes a typo in your README File (and doesn't touch the JS & TS Files in the `scripts` folder at all !).

Now if that check is required and it gets skipped probably because it's not needed, then the check's status would be shown as pending (because it's required) and you won't be able to merge the Pull Request.

Suppose you have a workflow which is required to pass as given below : 

```yaml
name: ci

on:
  pull_request:
    paths:
      - 'scripts/**'
      - 'middleware/**'

jobs:
  build:

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    strategy:
      matrix:
        node-version: [12.x, 14.x, 16.x]

>     steps:

Reviewer 2: @

>     steps:

Reviewer 2: - [ ] @**[]()**

    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - name: Use Node.js ${{ matrix.node-version }}
      uses: actions/setup-node@v2
      with:
        node-version: ${{ matrix.node-version }}
        cache: 'npm'
    - run: npm ci
    - run: npm run build --if-present
    - run: npm test
```

Now if suppose someone sends in a Pull Request which changes a markdown file in the root of the repository, then the above workflow won't run at all. This will create a problem as you won't be able to merge the Pull Request. You would see the following status :

![Required Check Skipped but shown as pending](/assets/images/help/repository/PR-required-check-skipped.jpeg)

You can fix this by creating a generic workflow which will return true in any case similar to the workflow below :

```yaml
name: ci
on:
  pull_request:
    paths-ignore:
      - 'scripts/**'
      - 'middleware/**'
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - run: 'echo "No build required" '
```

> Now the checks will always pass whenever someone sends a pull request which doesn't change the files listed under the `paths` key of the actual workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the checks will always pass whenever someone sends a pull request that doesn't change the files listed under `paths` in the first workflow.
```

> ![Check skipped but passes due to Generic workflow](/assets/images/help/repository/PR-required-check-passed-using-generic.jpeg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Check skipped but passes due to generic workflow](/assets/images/help/repository/pr-required-check-passed-using-generic.png)
```

{% note %}

> **Note**: Make sure that the `name` key and required job name in both the workflow files are the same. For more information, see "[Workflow Syntax for GitHub Actions](/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions)".
> 
> {% endnote %}
> 
> 
> {% note %}
> 
> **Note**: The example above uses {% data product.prodname_actions %} but this workaround is also applicable to other CI/CD providers that integrate with {% data product.company_short %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes:** 

* Make sure that the `name` key and required job name in both the workflow files are the same. For more information, see "[Workflow syntax for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions)".
* The example above uses {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} but this workaround is also applicable to other CI/CD providers that integrate with {% data variables.product.company_short %}.
```
